PRIVACY POLICY

Welcome to {companyName}. 

Your privacy is very important to use. Please take a moment to review our Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy outlines the personal information we collect, how we collect it, and how we use and share that information. 

Who we are
“We” or “us” means {companyName1}


DEFINITIONS
Personal Information (or Personal Data). Data that can be used to identify an individual.
User. Individuals using our services.
Data Controller. A person or entity that determines how any personal data are collected and processed. For purposes of this notice we are a data controller.
Data Processor or (Services Provider). A person or entity that processes data on behalf of a data controller. We may use data processors and services providers to process your data more effectively.
Usage Data. Data collected automatically, generated by the use of a site or application.
Cookies. Small files stored on your computer or mobile device.
Business Affiliates. Entities related by common ownership.
Business Partners. Entities not related by common ownership.
Third Parties. Any person or entity other than us and our users.

TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Personal Data. We may ask you to provide us with information that can be used to identify you. Personal data may include, but is not limited to {dataTypes}.
Usage Data. We may collect information that your browser sends when you visit our site, access our app, or use our Services.
Cookies, web beacons, and mobile locators. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to deliver better services, to operate our service, to remember your preferences, to enhance security, and tailor content. {cookieManager}


USE OF DATA
Delivery of Our Services. We use the data we collect for various business purposes, including, but not limited to, provide and maintain our Services, to notify you about changes, to provide customer support, to provide Services improvement, to monitor the usage of our services, to provide you with news and offers about your subscription. We also may use data in other ways you consent to when you provide it.
Retention. We do not retain personal data longer than is necessary to fulfill our obligations or maintain our Services. If you choose no longer to be a User of our Services, we will retain personal data necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Transfer. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on, servers or computers located outside your state, province or country. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer data to the United States and process it there. Your content to this privacy policy, and submission of data to us, represents your consent to that data transfer. 
We take reasonable steps to ensure that data is treated securely.
Law Enforcement. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal data in response to valid requests by law enforcement.
Business Transactions. If we are involved in a merger or other transfer of our business assets, your personal data may be transferred.
Business Affiliates. We may share personal information with our business affiliates.
Business Partners. We may share personal information with our business partners.
Other Authorized Uses. We may use personal information in other ways, with your express consent

THIRD PARTY SERVICES PROVIDERS

We rely on other entities for certain aspects of our operations. 
Please see the following links regarding those entities’ privacy policies. 
{thirdPartyLinks}

USERS UNDER AGE 16

Special Notices for Users Under Age 16
{under13}
{under16}

SPECIAL NOTICES

Notice to Residents of the European Union and European Economic Area
If you are a resident of the European Union or European Economic Area, you have certain data protection rights under the General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR). In certain circumstances, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you, to update or delete the information, and to correct it. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information, and to request that we restrict processing of your personal information. You have the right to receive a portable copy of the personal information we have about you. You have the right to withdraw your consent to data processing at any time after you give consent. If you request, we will take all reasonable steps to allow you to amend, correct, delete, or restrict the use of your data. We may require that you prove your identity in order to respond to your requests. Please note that we may not be able to provide all of our services to you without necessary data. 

Notice to Residents of the State of California, United States
If you are a resident of the State of California, you have certain data protection rights under California Privacy Protection Act and the California Consumer Privacy Act. In accordance with these rules, we honor “do not track” settings if you have enabled them in your browser. You have the right to learn what personal information we collect about you, to request deletion of the information from our systems, and to instruct us not to sell your personal information. Please note that you have the right to request your personal information from us two (2) times in a 12-month period. If you choose to delete your personal information, be advised that we may not be able to provide all of our services to you without necessary data. 

SECURITY

We strive to keep your data secure, however, no method of data transmission is completely without security risk. By using our Services you acknowledge the inherent risks associated with sharing your personal information. 

CHANGES TO THIS POLICY

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting a new Privacy Policy on this page, and via email if you have provided a valid email address. Changes are effective when posted on our site or app.


Contact Us {privacyEmail}

Revised {policyDate}






